#
# Yocto - An MPD client for the system notification area.
# Copyright (C) 2007-2009 nandhp <nandhp@gmail.com>
#
#    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
#    modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
#    published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
#    the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
#    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
#    GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#    along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
#    Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA
#

=head1 NAME

yocto - An MPD client for the system notification area.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<yocto> [I<options>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Yocto> is an MPD client for the system notification area. Clicking
on the icon toggles playback, right-clicking summons a menu, and
hovering over the icon produces a popup window with track information
and control buttons.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--host>, B<-h> I<hostname>

Override the hostname used to connect to the MPD server. See
L</"SERVER CONNECTION">

=item B<--port>, B<-p> I<port>

Override the port number used to connect to the MPD server. See
L</"SERVER CONNECTION">

=item B<--password> I<password>

Override the saved password used with the MPD server. See
L</"SERVER CONNECTION">

=item B<--help>

Display a brief usage message.

=item B<--version>

Display version information.

=back

=cut

=head1 SERVER CONNECTION

B<Yocto> will try the following methods to collect server information.

=over 4

=item *

The B<--host>, B<--port>, and B<--password> command-line options.

=item *

The B<MPD_HOST> and B<MPD_PORT> environment variables.

=item *

The B<Yocto> configuration file.

=item *

The default host B<localhost>, default port B<6600>.

=back

When using the B<MPD_HOST> environment variable, the password may be
specified by setting B<MPD_HOST> to I<password>B<@>I<host>

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item F<~/.yocto>

User configuration file. See L</"CONFIGURATION">.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Probably.

=head1 AUTHOR

nandhp <nandhp@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2007-2009 nandhp <nandhp@gmail.com>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<mpc(1)>, L<mpd(1)>

=cut
